over the years many people have asked me
how I came to end up in this confounded
chariot
well it wasn't Pleasant was it five I
won't forget it in hurry using five and
I were painting the ceiling of his
drawing-room a number of years ago I was
up the ladder and Fife was down below
and more of a pink providing capacity
isn't that so five just circus
whereupon happened my little accident
and well we've written a song explaining
the rest
I thought the pinnacle of frustration in
ceiling decoration was getting those
flakes of white paint in your hair
Stokes the ladder if the story we're
about to tell might save another then
very well I won't hold back on details
you see I got something in my eye and I
- that there was a parting of the way
sometimes covered in downy hair
they're along the seam the cinders in
between you'll never paint another
ceiling performance semi-live must be
low and you've left me with the half-ass
job you know that bit between your
testicles and Uranus indisputably the
loveliest body part well to summarize
there's a hole between my thighs and I
can achieve a fine vibrato when I found